.TH DMitry 1
.SH NAME
DMitry - Deepmagic Information Gathering Tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B dmitry
[Options] host
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
DMitry (Deepmagic Information Gathering Tool) is a UNIX/(GNU)Linux
command line application with the ability to gather as much information 
as possible about a host.

Basic functionality of DMitry allows for information to be gathered about a
target host from a simple whois lookup on the target to uptime reports and TCP portscans.

The application is considered a tool to assist in information gathering when
information is required quickly by removing the need to enter multiple commands 
and the timely process of searching through data from multiple sources.

.SH OPTIONS
Options should be passed to DMitry in the form of '-option'.
Only options known by DMitry will be used and others will be ignored.
If options are not passed as a group block, the trailing options will be considered a host target.
.TP
.B -o filename
Create an ascii text output of the results to the filename specified.  If no output filename is specified
then output will be saved to "target.txt".  If this option is not specified in any form output will be sent to
the standard output (STDOUT) by default.  This option MUST trail all other options, i.e. "dmitry -winseo target". 
.TP
.B -i
Perform an Internet Number whois lookup on the target IP address.
.TP
.B -w
Perform a whois lookup on the host target.
.TP
.B -n
Retrieve netcraft.com data concerning the host, this includes operating system, web server release and uptime information where available.
.TP
.B -s
Perform a subdomain search on the specified target.  This will use several search engines to attempt to locate subdomains
in the form of sub.target.  There is no set limit to the level of subdomain that can be located, however, there is a maximum
string length of 40 characters (NCOL 40) to limit memory usage.  Possible subdomains are then reversed to an IP address, if
this comes back positive then the resulting subdomain is listed.  However, if the host uses an asterisk in their DNS records
all resolve subdomains will come back positive.
.TP
.B -e
Perform an e-mail address search on the specified target.  This modules works using the same concept as the subdomain search by
attempting to locate possible e-mail addresses for a target host.  The e-mail addresses may also be for possible subdomains of
the target host. There is a limit to the length of the e-mail address set to 50 characters (NCOL 50) to limit memory usage.
.TP
.B -p
Perform a TCP portscan on the host target. This module will list open, closed and filtered ports within a specific range.  
.TP
.B -f
This option will cause the TCP portscan module to report/display output of filtered ports.  These are usually ports that have been
filtered and/or closed by a firewall at the specified host/target.  This option requires that the '-p' option be passed as a previous option.
For example, "dmitry -pf target".
.TP
.B -b
This option will cause the TCP portscan module to output banners if they are received when scanning TCP ports.  This option requires
that the '-p' option be passed as a previous option.  For example, "dmitry -pb target".
.TP
.B -t
This sets the Time To Live (TTL) of the portscan module when scanning individual ports.  This is set to 2 seconds by default.
This is usually required when scanning a host that has a firewall and/or has filtered ports which can slow down a scan.

.SH EXAMPLES
This section presents some example queries that can be made using dmitry. 

.B dmitry -w mydomain.com

This will perform a named whois (INIC-WHOIS) lookup on the target host, displaying results to the standard output (STDOUT).

.B dmitry -winsepo sometextfile.txt mydomain.com

This will perform all the basic functions on the target host and store all the output into "sometextfile.txt".

.B dmitry -winsepo mydomain.com

This will perform all the basic functions on the target host and store all the output into "mydomain.txt".

.B dmitry -winsepfbo 127.0.0.1

This will perform all the basic functions on the target host and store all the output into "127.0.0.1.txt".  This will also display banners and show filtered ports.


.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Runa Sandvik <runa.sandvik@gmail.com>,
for the Debian GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others).
